Caucasian resident Lyudmila
galaktionov snowkiting
substances are familiar firsthand
life a woman lived on earth mb getting
most of the necessary
products of the beds themselves however in this
year, the villager is likely to be
buy vegetables on the market at a company with
hemp growing on
neighboring vacant lot of herbicides solid
the action of a tornado 500 times its r was destroyed
mouth feared on green
on Saturday obviously did not notice I think
yellowed a lot of trash that this
young culture grow
sunday became part of gold
Tomato Passage
this name
note the tornado 500 is
highly effective means to fight
with weeds and hemp in particular however
cultivated plants then chemical
means destroyed
by ease
hits so-called dots
growth today plants on the beds and
garden trees almost died
completely resilient even resistant to
various kinds of exposure Jun
turned yellow and for real
because the city suffered precisely in
impact on
rolls says one of the residents is fact
these peppers
treatments were covered with polyethylene
as a result of the plants remained alive
however, on the next branch
cultures are almost completely destroyed
according to lyudmila galaktionov
cause of death yoga kind could be
gross violation of the rules of destruction
hemp which fixed it
neighbors
now the pump went field
but no no far distance was a
then already to victory quick
finish this thing independently tires
right belov fountain
families
aig wind and always everything
currently affected
the villager has already turned with
statement to the prosecutor he
The customer has also joined the problem solving
Milyutinsky District Administration
question about the effect of herbicides on quality
products sent to the manufacturer
tornado 500
after the conclusion should be breakfast
we will lower the fee
losses
which the owner bore well here is nothing
solves issues with reimbursement in the home
which owner
Artyom guards Dmitry Goldman
Vladimir Vakulenko News Expression
Moscow time